description.md, before:

[h1]BUILD 42 is now supported![/h1]

Drop and Loot items of the same category into or out of your inventory.

Tired of sorting items into different containers? Use this mod to automatically put all items of the same category into open inventory, so you don't have to worry about it!

This is a compromise between manually moving items between inventories and having items to be automatically sorted into nearby containers.
Players still need to select which inventory to use (e.g., equipped Duffel Bag) and which container to use (e.g., Crate).

[h1]Features[/h1]
[list]
[*] Transfer Category - items from player's inventory are transferred into a container only if the container already has items of the same type
[*] Loot Category - items from loot inventory are transferred into a player's inventory only if the player's inventory already got items of the same type
[*] Drop (category) - transfers items of the same category as a selected item (or multiple categories if multiple items selected) between player's inventory and loot inventory
[*] Grab (category) - transfers items of the same category as a selected item (or multiple categories if multiple items selected) between loot and player's inventory
[*] Favorite and Equipped items are ignored
[*] Now supports keybindings
[*] Transfer Category and Loot Category buttons can be hidden from the UI
[/list]

[h1]How to use[/h1]
[list]
[*] Click "Transfer Category" button to transfer items from player's inventory to loot inventory
[*] Click "Loot Category" button to transfer items from loot inventory to player inventory
[*] Right-click any item and select "Drop all (category)" to transfer items from player's inventory to loot inventory
[*] Right-click any item and select "Grab all (category)" to transfer items from loot inventory to player inventory
[/list]

[h1]Examples[/h1]

[b]Transfer Category[/b]
[list]
[*] If you have "Food" items in your Refrigerator you'll only be able to transfer "Food" from your Duffel Bag
[*] If you have "Skill Books"  and "Literature" items on your Shelves you'll only be able to transfer "Skill Books" and "Literature" from your Duffel Bag
[/list]

[b]Loot Category[/b]
[list]
[*] If you have "Food" items in your Duffel Bag you'll only be able to loot "Food" from Refrigerator
[*] If you have "Skill Books"  and "Literature" items in your Duffel Bag you'll only be able to loot "Skill Books" and "Literature" from Shelves
[/list]

[b]Grab (category)[/b]
[list]
[*] If you select "Food" and "Clothing" items from currently selected container - all items of type "Food" and "Clothing" will be transferred into player's inventory
[/list]

[b]Drop (category)[/b]
[list]
[*] If you select "Food" and "Clothing" items from your inventory - all items of type "Food" and "Clothing" will be transferred into currently selected container
[/list]

[h1]Q&A[/h1]

Q: It's not doing anything when I click "Transfer all" or "Loot all"
A: Make sure there's a match between your inventory and loot inventory, e.g., you're trying to Loot Refrigerator into your Duffel Bag which doesn't have any Food items

Q: Works in MP?
A: Yes

Q: Safe to add/remove to an existing game?
A: Yes

[h1]Compatibility[/h1]
[url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2577903374]AutoLoot[/url]
[url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=966221273]Smart Stack[/url]
[url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2313387159]Better Sorting[/url]
[url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2946364542]Search Containers[/url]
[url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2695194481]SchiZ's Random Patches[/url]
[url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2799848602]SpiffUI - Inventory[/url]

[h1]Language support[/h1]
[list]
[*] English
[*] Russian (Русский)
[*] Traditional Chinese (繁體中文) (by [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/minidoracat]Minidoracat[/url])
[*] Simplified Chinese (简体中文) (by [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/minidoracat]Minidoracat[/url])
[*] Spanish (Español) (by [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dartaroth]Dartaroth[/url])
[*] Italian (Italiano) (by [url=https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002245033]Viper79[/url])
[*] Ukrainian (Українська) (by [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bulvaik]Cosmo[/url])
[*] Brazilian Portuguese (Português Brasileiro) (by [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/n0ciam]Nociam[/url])
[*] Portuguese (Português)
[*] Korean (한국어) (by [url=https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062695591]Hx[/url])
[/list]

[h1]For mod developers[/h1]
[list]
[*] ISInventoryPage.EDNLLootItems - "Loot Category" inventory button
[*] ISInventoryPage.EDNLDropItems - "Drop Category" inventory button
[/list]


[hr][/hr]

Special thanks
[list]
[*] [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gex_TengokuNetworks]꧁༒☬ GΞX ☬༒꧂[/url]
[*] [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/Js-2nd]Js[/url]
[*] [url=https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077191529]Segaside[/url]
[*] [url=https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997880978]dhert[/url]
[*] [url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ih_2q268ozc]Charles_ya (KR)[/url]
[*] [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dis7887]Диcтoрий[/url]
[*] [url=https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561199133683060]Rusty #DopeRust[/url]
[/list]

Source: https://github.com/SharePickle/easy-drop-n-loot

Workshop ID: 2871469707
Mod ID: KADropnLoot

Commit message:

Added new key mod option, drop all option and translations,

description.md, after:

[h1]BUILD 42 is now supported![/h1]

Drop and loot items of the same category effortlessly!

Tired of sorting items manually? This mod automatically transfers all items of the same category into an open inventory, saving you time and effort.

It strikes a balance between manual sorting and full automation. You still choose which inventory (e.g., Duffel Bag) and which container (e.g., Crate) to use.

[h1]Latest update[/h1]
June 22nd, 2025

[list]
[*] New option: key modifier. Hold this button along with Drop or Loot to initiate the action
[*] New context menu option: drop all items of the same category on the floor
[*] Added more translations
[/list]

[h1]Features[/h1]
[list]
[*] Transfer Category - items from player's inventory are transferred into a container only if the container already has items of the same type
[*] Loot Category - items from loot inventory are transferred into a player's inventory only if the player's inventory already got items of the same type
[*] Drop (category) - transfers items of the same category as a selected item (or multiple categories if multiple items selected) between player's inventory and loot inventory
[*] Grab (category) - transfers items of the same category as a selected item (or multiple categories if multiple items selected) between loot and player's inventory
[*] Favorite and Equipped items are ignored
[*] Now supports keybindings
[*] Transfer Category and Loot Category buttons can be hidden from the UI
[/list]

[h1]How to use[/h1]
[list]
[*] Click "Transfer Category" button to transfer items from player's inventory to loot inventory
[*] Click "Loot Category" button to transfer items from loot inventory to player inventory
[*] Right-click any item and select "Drop all (category)" to transfer items from player's inventory to loot inventory
[*] Right-click any item and select "Grab all (category)" to transfer items from loot inventory to player inventory
[/list]

[h1]Examples[/h1]

[b]Transfer Category[/b]
[list]
[*] If you have "Food" items in your Refrigerator you'll only be able to transfer "Food" from your Duffel Bag
[*] If you have "Skill Books"  and "Literature" items on your Shelves you'll only be able to transfer "Skill Books" and "Literature" from your Duffel Bag
[/list]

[b]Loot Category[/b]
[list]
[*] If you have "Food" items in your Duffel Bag you'll only be able to loot "Food" from Refrigerator
[*] If you have "Skill Books"  and "Literature" items in your Duffel Bag you'll only be able to loot "Skill Books" and "Literature" from Shelves
[/list]

[b]Grab (category)[/b]
[list]
[*] If you select "Food" and "Clothing" items from currently selected container - all items of type "Food" and "Clothing" will be transferred into player's inventory
[/list]

[b]Drop (category)[/b]
[list]
[*] If you select "Food" and "Clothing" items from your inventory - all items of type "Food" and "Clothing" will be transferred into currently selected container
[/list]

[h1]Q&A[/h1]

Q: It's not doing anything when I click "Transfer all" or "Loot all"
A: Make sure there's a match between your inventory and loot inventory, e.g., you're trying to Loot Refrigerator into your Duffel Bag which doesn't have any Food items

Q: Works in MP?
A: Yes

Q: Safe to add/remove to an existing game?
A: Yes

[h1]Compatibility[/h1]
[url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2577903374]AutoLoot[/url]
[url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=966221273]Smart Stack[/url]
[url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2313387159]Better Sorting[/url]
[url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2946364542]Search Containers[/url]
[url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2695194481]SchiZ's Random Patches[/url]
[url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2799848602]SpiffUI - Inventory[/url]

[h1]Language support[/h1]
[list]
[*] English
[*] Russian (Русский)
[*] Traditional Chinese (繁體中文) (by [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/minidoracat]Minidoracat[/url])
[*] Simplified Chinese (简体中文) (by [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/minidoracat]Minidoracat[/url])
[*] Spanish (Español) (by [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dartaroth]Dartaroth[/url])
[*] Italian (Italiano) (by [url=https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002245033]Viper79[/url])
[*] Ukrainian (Українська) (by [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bulvaik]Cosmo[/url])
[*] Brazilian Portuguese (Português Brasileiro) (by [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/n0ciam]Nociam[/url])
[*] Portuguese (Português)
[*] Korean (한국어) (by [url=https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062695591]Hx[/url])
[*] Polish (Polski)
[*] Czech (Čeština)
[*] French (Français)
[*] German (Deutsch)
[*] Danish (Dansk)
[*] Hungarian (Magyar)
[*] Norwegian (Norsk)
[*] Turkish (Türkçe)
[*] Japanese (日本語)
[*] Finnish (Suomi)
[*] Thai (ไทย)
[/list]

[h1]For mod developers[/h1]
[list]
[*] ISInventoryPage.EDNLLootItems - "Loot Category" inventory button
[*] ISInventoryPage.EDNLDropItems - "Drop Category" inventory button
[/list]

[hr][/hr]

Special thanks
[list]
[*] [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gex_TengokuNetworks]꧁༒☬ GΞX ☬༒꧂[/url]
[*] [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/Js-2nd]Js[/url]
[*] [url=https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077191529]Segaside[/url]
[*] [url=https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997880978]dhert[/url]
[*] [url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ih_2q268ozc]Charles_ya (KR)[/url]
[*] [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dis7887]Диcтoрий[/url]
[*] [url=https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561199133683060]Rusty #DopeRust[/url]
[/list]

Source: https://github.com/SharePickle/easy-drop-n-loot

Workshop ID: 2871469707
Mod ID: KADropnLoot
